hello internets so I actually shot this
video on the weekend and then I realized
that I was completely out of focus a
couple days too late because I prefer to
do my filming during the day so I have a
nice backdrop and lots of natural light
but that didn't quite work out because I
was bad and check my footage on Monday
night even though this video was
supposed to get up on Friday and realize
I was blurry so now I am forced to shoot
with artificial light late at night
because it is the weekdays now and the
only time I can film is at night when I
get home from work I apologize for the
really boring background it is just a
couple but it is better than the rest of
our room which looks like a hurricane
just ran right through it wait with this
video yes let's get to that so I wanted
to tell you guys about a new channel
that I've just created I know I already
have a second channel that I neglect but
I thought I may switch add a third one I
put two cards and that's the way I wrote
what I have no friends so if you for
watching this channel for long times
they know that I predominantly do makeup
tutorials and they're kind of all
fantasy based makeup tutorials as well
as some DIY and my artistic sort of eels
but when I was running short of time
last year and really came more down to
work just getting
stressful I decided to try and use or
talking to the cameras little videos
like like we are now for humans intimate
settings it's just me total cameras
really no one here so I thought I would
start doing those sort of videos
unfortunately they didn't seem to be
very well received in this channel I
guess most of the jewels on this channel
really prefer more artistic makeup
videos which is great because I prefer
those videos too and just wish it kind
of had more time to do them but over the
course of the time I started realizing I
kind of like doing these talk to the
camera videos and they're just so much
easy to film and edit unlike makeup
tutorials which are painful in
themselves and then when you try and be
creative and make the costume and think
of looks and then shoot the location
it's actually quite time-consuming so I
really wanted to start a separate
channel which was still beauty related
but more talking to the camera sort of
beauty related stuff and I think I'm
going to make it more natural beauty
because five days of the week I am quite
a natural sort of person I don't wear
heavy makeup
in fact I hardly wear any makeup and I
much more into skinny hair so I thought
maybe it would be good to have a channel
that is targeted towards those sort of
people because then at least those
people don't have to watch my unwearable
of theatrical makeup charms and they can
maybe they might find my more normal
everyday makeup opinions and thoughts or
whatever more interesting it's relevant
because when I will work and going out
in advance and
but I also want to keep doing makeup
tutorials and I thought if I put them on
the same channel I'm going to be pissing
off two groups people so I thought I
will just separate it out and so both
groups can be happy you can subscribe to
this channel if you prefer or you can
subscribe to my new channel or you can
subscribe to both it's really up to you
whatever topic you prefer I think the
main concern most people are going to
have is how earth am I going to maintain
content for birth channel and the truth
is I have no idea that didn't answer the
question I also want to give you guys a
quick update on the latest chapter I'm
working as you know it's quite intense
as it is a quite a big chapter I
finished making the dress for my costume
so I'm really happy about that it only
took me like three or four weekends I am
getting my friends in to help film with
me so we'll be doing some of that this
weekend which I am very excited about
pretty filled some of the footage which
features my very good friend Stephie
whose channel I will link down below
she's a cookie chipper
I took some vlog footage whilst I
without filming so I thought I would
insert it somewhere here and you guys
can watch some of that blog footage if
you find that interesting and that is
all I have to say so I will let you guys
go and I will catch you in the next
video bye let's find a good location and
be able to help Sophie out I think I've
done I'm so fit alright let's head back
and start shooting alright thank you for
my model she's not as evil she looks not
terrifying no no no and now we get to go
to lunch
whoo till then I'll see you guys in the
next video
[Music]
we can't wait to be